What job?
Why don't I know, big brother, hahaha.
These are extraordinary times.
I'm afraid it's too dangerous
So as soon as possible
As long as you have physical rights
Nothing I can't solve
Come on, lie down, house
Hey
Crazy, this time I'm here to apologize
Brother, I know you are in trouble too
We don't talk about that between brothers
Ok hahaha don't talk about that
Ok hahaha oops
You two big men are so mushy
Ah hahahaha, that's right.
I almost forgot the big thing
No son is here, big brother
This is the big brother who went to buy gifts with me early in the morning.
Just wanted to give you a birthday surprise
I'm just a precious girl like you
Can we forget your birthday, hahaha?
I also prepared a mysterious gift for you.
Why don't you rest first?
Ahahaha
Hahaha, discuss it?
What ghost treasure show is Furucheng Xiong talking about again?
What a surprise, Dad
You have to take this with you.
Don't tell anyone
Dad, what necklace is this?
It's pretty.
To tell you the truth
This necklace is Dad's expensive golden key for insurance.
It's the result of Dad's life's hard work
As long as you take it
He will be well-fed and clothed for the rest of his life
Dad, why are you saying it so sad?
You haven't grown a year older
Dad is a year older
Let's not talk about that.
Go back and take care of the lunatic
Dad has to go back to work